What the heck is going on? Look at this
crazy purple candle right now. All
right. What is actually going on with
Bitcoin? I am going to break it down for
you right here. So, the Bitcoin price
has broken out of this very important
level, $79.5,000
psychological level, $80,000 resistance,
and we're starting now to form a
sideways range. And sideways ranges,
these are great because if you can
identify them, you can long the bottom
and short the top. The problem is if you
can't identify that we're in a sideways
range, this is where a lot of traders
get chopped up. So, let's go over why
we've seen the price action that we've
seen from the time we made our first
high. If we pull the Fibonacci from that
high to the low, you can see that the
price came up right into the 786886
pocket right over here on Sunday, May
10th. Now, as we came up into there, if
we take a look at our indicator, market
cipher B, we take a look at the 24-minut
time frame. You can see that as we
actually came up into this zone, we had
extremely bearish divergence, right?
Price making an extremely higher high
than momentum making an extremely lower
high, giving us the dreaded upside down
uneven butt cheek pattern. In fact, if
we take the cheeks and we screenshot
them and we superimpose the cheeks onto
the chart, you can see that we got some
good oldfashioned dreaded upside downers
right here and that gave us a move to
the downside. Now, of course, in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord on the 10th of
May, we took that short in the moment. I
let my community know I was taking a
short for the exact reason I just showed
you on the chart. And of course, we
eventually made our way down to this low
right here. Now, when we came to this
low right here, what did we see? Well,
we came back down to that very key
support around $79ish,000.
If we take a look at our momentum waves
here on market cipher B, you can see
that as the price was getting lower,
making a much lower low, the momentum
wave and the money flow was getting
higher, giving us the coveted regular
uneven butt cheek pattern. In fact, if
we take the cheeks and we superimpose
them onto the chart, we can see that we
have this coveted uneven butt cheek
pattern right here. It's pretty amazing.
And if we take the measuring tool from
cheek to cheek, you can see we got about
20 hours of butt crack. Absolutely
amazing. You would expect a move to the
upside. That's exactly what we got. And
of course, I told the community in the
moment back on the exact day that that
low happened, walking everybody through
step by step my plan for the trade.
Unless we reclaim 79142, there's no long
for me. Once we're above that level, I
will long. All right. Of course, when we
reclaim the level, I said, "All right,
guys. I've gone into the trade." We took
that trade. I held it yesterday. And of
course, we locked in a very juicy profit
on that trade about $12,000.
Isn't that pretty crazy? Then, of
course, that brings us to the pump that
we had yesterday up to this level of
resistance. Now, why did we get a
rejection from this level of resistance?
Well, this one was a little bit trickier
to get into, but it was a confluence of
a few different things. First of all, if
we take a look at what happened here, we
did come up to the resistance. We came
up to the value area high of the range.
And also, if we pull the Fibonacci from
the overall high to that low, you can
see that we hit right into the 786
Fibonacci as well. And if we do take a
look at some of these lower time frames,
we were kind of forming some bearish
divergences here. But when you get a
news induced pump like we had yesterday
with the whole crypto clarity act thing,
you have to be in the mindset of buy the
rumor and sell the news. And so, of
course, yesterday I took that trade. I
was actually live when I took the trade,
live streaming for 5 hours yesterday,
live trading, taking the dang trade. I
let everybody know yesterday at 1:15
p.m. right when we hit that top that I
was taking the trade. I've opened up a
short. wasn't too sure what would
happen,
but I'm walking everybody through it.
Jason caspertrading.com the trades I am
taking, right? I'm telling people what
I'm doing in the moment. It's not
financial advice. And sure enough, a
beautiful trade locking in $4,000. Now,
what is happening? The price has gotten
a very fast drop. And you can see that
we've come down to the bottom of the
range and we've gotten something known
as a swing failure pattern. A swing
failure pattern is where you basically
fake everybody out, right? You get
everybody ultra bearish and then you
basically have a fake out. Right now
this is an area that we were interested
in a trade in the Casper true VIP
discord. And as we came down to this
level we are seeing something very
interesting which is the price action
itself is giving us a fake out. And when
you get a fake out where you have the
previous low right here and you dip down
below and then you immediately get a
candle close above that is a trade
entry. And people think it's risky to
catch a knife, but you have to
understand, if the price dips below the
level and then comes back above the
level, you have yourself a very, very
clear stop-loss. All right? In other
words, this trade only needs a 0.02%
stop-loss. And, you know, depending on
where you want to hit your TP1, you
could have yourself a good 3:1
risk-reward ratio setup in a very small
move, less than a 1% move. All right.
So, I let the community know this
morning that I was not going to take a
long trade as we're dropping down. I'm
giving people live updates. All right?
I'm telling people, look, I know we're
dropping. I know we're coming to
support. No long for me unless we
reclaim the golden pocket. Right? I have
if then scenarios that keep me in and
out of the market, right? I'm letting
people know as we continue to drop no
long now unless we reclaim the value
area low. All right? Then I'm letting
people know my areas of interest for
longs. I'm telling people what I'm doing
and I'm telling them what I'm planning
for. Like these are the three areas
where I might take a trade. I'll let you
guys know. And then as we come down to
that level at 9:53
a.m. New York time, I let people know.
Now I've taken the long trade. All
right. Now I've taken the long trade and
I'm taking as a scalp trade but
potentially still looking for lower. And
that is the trade I am in right now. And
this trade, I've already locked in about
$1,000 of profit. All right. So, we've
taken these trades here in the Casper
True VIP Discord. This week, we've made
quite a bit. 18K, lost, 1500. 2K, lost
1,000. 3K, 12K, 4K, and now we've locked
in 1K. These are trades that I've
literally given in the moment, guys, in
the community, walking people through my
mindset, my process, and all this stuff.
All right, at jasonaspertrading.com.
And you know what? If you're upset that
I'm shilling my paid group, don't sign
up. And I don't I don't care at all. I
just want to show you guys not I don't
want you to sign for my group. I don't
care. I really don't. I just want to
show you guys that this analysis works.
All right? This works. And if you want
to learn how to trade for free, check
out my free trading course where I
literally spill all the juice 100% free
on my YouTube channel. All right. So, is
this the low right now for Bitcoin?
Well, here's the thing. I'd say it's
very important right now that we reclaim
798 if we want to see more upside. And
if not, I honestly do think that the
lower price action now becomes more
probable. And the reason why I say that
is because we've gotten a second
breakdown from the low of the range and
we do have some very important supports
below us, right? We have some very
important supports below us. So, let's
remove everything from the chart real
quick. Let's just take a look at the
next major support that we have. That's
going to be the Fibonacci from this last
low to the high. Go ahead and put on our
618 Fibonacci. That's going to be coming
in around 777Kish,
right? We're going to say that our next
major zone of support is around 77,000.
And of course, I'd say coming down
towards 75.8 is also key. There's
there's a major zone of support right
here.
And the reason why this is so key guys
is because if the price starts to lose
the value area high of the range here
and we come back inside this area, the
probabilities are highest that we come
all the way back down to the bottom of
the range.
And so we want to hold this box. So we
have 77 and then we have 75 to 76. This
box right here is either going to be a
place where we see Bitcoin get an insane
bounce potentially up to 96 $97,000
or we lose it and it's all a massive
fake out and we come all the way back
down to the range. Now you can see the
bounce we're getting right now is
important because it's a back test of
this, right? It's a back test of this.
The Bitcoin has been holding this level
for quite some time and we have also
been forming these lower highs here. So
what does that mean? Well, it means this
is a channel and this channel, as long
as it's here, we can continue to trade
it. And so that's why I'm long from
around this area, looking for a long
from here, back up to the top of the
channel. But we have to understand that
the sideways range is your friend until
the end. They say the trend is your
friend until the end, but more so the
sideways range is your friend until the
end. So we should be looking for longs
from here, shorts from here until all of
a sudden it breaks. And once it breaks,
then we need to identify the new range
to trade. And guys, if you want to trade
Bitcoin and altcoins, I'm trading right
now on Antarctic Decentralized Exchange.
If you use my link, you get the most
exclusive fees, 0% limit order, 0.02%
market order, only if you use my link.
Also, Blofin centralized exchange, same
low fees only if you use my link. I'm
also trading on KSEX, which is the
lowest fees period ever. and UBIT. Guys,
if you want to become a funded trader, I
have 15% discounts over here at
Kleinfunding
as well as over on Bitfunded. Check it
out only if you're interested. That's it
for the video. God bless everybody in
the name of Jesus Yeshua, the Messiah. I
pray you and your family are super
blessed and I'll see everybody in the
next video. Peace.